README.md, before:

### Ronin API ###


+++++++ MODELS +++++++

Class User():
	
	firstname: CharFeild()

	lastname: CharField() 

	email: CharField(unique=true)
	
	username: CharFeild(unique=true)
	
	password: CharField() 
	
	current_courses: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='users'))

	completed_courses: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='users'))

Class Administrator():
	
	firstname: CharField()
	
	lastname: CharField()
	
	username: CharField()
	
	password: CharField()
	
	created_Courses: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='admins'))
	
	date_creted: DateField()

Class Course():
	
	cours_name: CharField(unique=True)
	
	course_keyworkds: CharField() 
	
	administrator: CharField()
	
	descrption: TextField()
	
	Milestones: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField)
	
	Certification: BooleanField()

Class Milestone():

	course: ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='miletones')

	prompt: TextField()

	resources: ArrayField(UPLOADEDADMINFILES)

	answer: ArrayField(UPLOADEDUSERFILES)

+++++++ ROUTES +++++++

----- User Routes ----- 
```
POST /api/v1/users/register
	
	Create New User

GET /api/v1/users/<id>

	User Show Page

GET /api/v1/users/logged_in_user
	
	Allows us to use current_user in code

DELETEL /api/v1/users/<id>

	Deletes a user

PUT /api/v1/users/<id>	

	Updates a User Profile 


----- Admin Routes ----- 

POST /api/v1/admins/register
	
	Creates a New Admin 

GET /api/v1/admins/<id>

	Admin Show Page 

GET /api/v1/admins/logged_in_admin
	
	Allows current_admin

DELETEL /api/v1/admins/<id>

	Deletes Admin

PUT /api/v1/admins/<id>	

	Updates an Admin Profile 


----- Course Routes ----- 

POST /api/v1/courses

	Creates Course 

GET /api/v1/courses/<id>

	Course Show Route

DELETE /api/v1/courses/<id>

	Deletes A Course

PUT /api/v1/courses/<id>

	Updates Course Information

GET /api/v1/courses

	Course Index Page 

 ----- Milestone Routes ----- 

POST /api/v1/milestones

	Creates  Milestone

DELETE /api/v1/milestones/<id>

	Deletes a Milestone

PUT /api/v1/milestones/<id>

	Updates Milestone Information

GET /api/v1/milestones/<id>

	Shows A Milestone
```

Commit message:

added the multiple file field in the models

README.md, after:

### Ronin API ###


+++++++ MODELS +++++++

Class User():
	
	firstname: CharFeild()

	lastname: CharField() 

	email: CharField(unique=true)
	
	username: CharFeild(unique=true)
	
	password: CharField() 
	
	current_courses: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='users'))

	completed_courses: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='users'))

Class Administrator():
	
	firstname: CharField()
	
	lastname: CharField()
	
	username: CharField()
	
	password: CharField()
	
	created_Courses: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='admins'))
	
	date_creted: DateField()

Class Course():
	
	cours_name: CharField(unique=True)
	
	course_keyworkds: CharField() 
	
	administrator: CharField()
	
	descrption: TextField()
	
	Milestones: ArrayField(ForiegnKeyField)
	
	Certification: BooleanField()

Class Milestone():

	course: ForiegnKeyField( Course, backref='miletones')

	prompt: TextField()

	resources: MultipleFileField() this comes from WTForums docs

	answer: MultipleFileField() this comes from WTForms docs

+++++++ ROUTES +++++++

----- User Routes ----- 
```
POST /api/v1/users/register
	
	Create New User

GET /api/v1/users/<id>

	User Show Page

GET /api/v1/users/logged_in_user
	
	Allows us to use current_user in code

DELETEL /api/v1/users/<id>

	Deletes a user

PUT /api/v1/users/<id>	

	Updates a User Profile 


----- Admin Routes ----- 

POST /api/v1/admins/register
	
	Creates a New Admin 

GET /api/v1/admins/<id>

	Admin Show Page 

GET /api/v1/admins/logged_in_admin
	
	Allows current_admin

DELETEL /api/v1/admins/<id>

	Deletes Admin

PUT /api/v1/admins/<id>	

	Updates an Admin Profile 


----- Course Routes ----- 

POST /api/v1/courses

	Creates Course 

GET /api/v1/courses/<id>

	Course Show Route

DELETE /api/v1/courses/<id>

	Deletes A Course

PUT /api/v1/courses/<id>

	Updates Course Information

GET /api/v1/courses

	Course Index Page 

 ----- Milestone Routes ----- 

POST /api/v1/milestones

	Creates  Milestone

DELETE /api/v1/milestones/<id>

	Deletes a Milestone

PUT /api/v1/milestones/<id>

	Updates Milestone Information

GET /api/v1/milestones/<id>

	Shows A Milestone
```
